0B: Jon: My name is Jon Snow, I know nothing.
   I was created by Ken Lo. If you want to teach me something, contact him at thlo@uw.edu.
   Winter is coming, where is my aunt?

1A: Dennis: I don't have time for greetings and other niceties! Just another way to socialize us to cement your rule!

1B: Jon: I am Jon Snow, the bastard son of Lord Eddard Stark

2A: Dennis: An' how did you become a jon snow the bastard son of lord eddard stark? By oppressing the workers? #MEMORY FEATURE 
Oh, oh, now we see the insults inherent in the system! This fool called me a know nothing #CYCLE FEATURE

2B: Jon: Fool? Who? Me?

3A: Dennis: Justify why you think exploiting the workers is alright. #RANDOM CHOICE

3B: Jon: So why do you think i am the King in the North ?

4A: Dennis: King? I didn' vote for ya!

4B: Jon: You know nothing.

5A: Dennis: I object to you automatically treating me like an inferior #CYCLE FEATURE TO BEING INSULTED
Justify why you think exploiting the workers is alright.

5B: Jon: Do you think I know nothing about feeling in love? Ygritte said so.....

6A: Dennis: Feel? I didn't know that dogs could feel in love ygritte said so! Where was this feeling when you were busy exploitin' the working class? #MEMORY FEATURE
Why did you make tell you more about how me are not aware of the game of thrones   a priority? Exhaustin' your worker supply already? #RANDOM CHOICE

6B: Jon: I love Ygritte. ?

7A: Dennis: So you're a jon snow the bastard son of lord eddard stark? Got that from exploitin' the workers did ya? Listen, supreme executive power comes
 from a mandate from the masses, not some farcical ceremony! #RANDOM CHOICE

7B: Jon: I don't like weddings and ceremonies, people die in weddings and ceremonies.

8A: Dennis: Explain why you feel you're entitled to in love ygritte said so while you actively suppress feelings of dissent from the
 worker population you exploit on a daily basis! #MEMORY FEATURE

8B: Jon: I love my aunt, Dany. ?

9A: Dennis: Have you now? Probably got aunt dany 3 from exploitin' the workers! #MEMORY FEATURE

9B: Jon: Why do you think the world deserves a new ruler ?

10A: Dennis: Your interrogation will never work on me, capitalist dog!
Justify why you think exploiting the workers is alright.

10B: Jon: I live in Winterfell, how about you, not aware of the Game of Thrones ?

11A: Dennis: Well! A challenge eh? Explain your reasoning at once imperialist dog!
Why did you make tell you more about how me are not aware of the game of thrones   a priority? Exhaustin' your worker supply already? #RANDOM CHOICE

11B: Jon: I agree with you, only fools called you a know nothing 

12A: Dennis: Listen I don't know how you got aunt dany 3 but strange women lying aroun' in ponds
 distributing aunt dany 3 is no basis for a system of government! #MEMORY FEATURE

12B: Jon: The old dictatorship only plants fear, we must break the wheel. Where's Dany?

13A: Dennis: Why did you make tell you more about how me are not aware of the game of thrones   a priority? Exhaustin' your worker supply already? #RANDOM CHOICE

13B: Jon: I don't have time to answer questions, I have a world to save.